java c
125.810 Case Studies in Corporate Finance and Risk Management 
Case study 1: Anwal Gas Traders 
Due: 5.00 pm December 10th, 2024Submission instruction: To   submit: goto Stream   → Assessment   → Case Study 1 Submission. This   is   an   individual   assignment. No   collaboration   is   allowed.   You   will need to   submit   two   Excel   files   for   this assignment. No Word file is required. For   discussion questions, please use the text box provided in   the Excel   files.
Assignment instruction: 1. The assignment will be graded based on the Excel formulas used to calculate the results, rather than   the results themselves.   Please   ensure that you   display   your   calculations   in   the   formulas.   Copying   and   pasting the results without showing the formulas will result in a   score   of   0..2.   When   using   Excel   formulas   for   your   calculations,   you      should   reference   the   input   values   using   reference   cells,   rather   than   typing   the   values   directly   into   the   formula.   This   is   very   IMPORTANT—   failing   to   do   so   may   lead   to   errors   in   your   analysis.   For   example,   in   the   "Static model"   sheet   of the   "MonteCarloSimulation"             spreadsheet,                the               NPV                  in               cell                  C21                can               be                  calculated as:=C18+NPV(C3,D18:M18)
Or   =C18+NPV(12%,D18:M18)In the   formula highlighted in yellow, the   input   (discount   rate)   is   referenced   from   cell   C3,   while   in   the   formula   highlighted   in   green, the   input   (discount   rate) is   typed   as   12%. The   yellow-highlighted   formula is the preferred approach.
3. Provide   your   answers   for   each   question   in   the   corresponding   sheet   provided. For   example, the   answer to   Question   1.1 should   be   placed   in   the   sheet   named   "Question   1.1."
4. For   questions   that   require   you   to   comment, explain, interpret, etc., please   type   your   answer   in   the   text   box provided. You can resize the text box if   there is not enough space to   type your   answer.
Anwal Gas TradersAnwal Gas Traders was a small, private-owned LPG (liquefied petroleum gas) distribution company in   Pakistan   that   was   founded   in   1998. In   2003, the   company   acquired   a   licence   from   the   country’s   largest distributor, and   in   2020 it   had   distribution   licences   for   19   companies,   including   majors   brands.The company dealt with   four major LPG products: cylinders, stoves, cylinder regulators, and gas pipes.   It   also   provided   the   primary   service   of delivering   LPG-filled   cylinders.   In   2020,   Pakistan   had   a   total   LPG consumption of 1.8 million metric tons   (t),   of   which   61 per   cent   was   consumed   in   Punjab,   where   Anwal Gas Traders was located.   The company was one of   the top LPG cylinder distributors in the local   area.The   company   has   a   solid   customer base   and   its   financial performance   was   encouraging.   In   2020,   the   company had a net profit margin of 12 percent,   a   slight decrease   of   0.7 percent   from   the   previous   year   due   to   the   COVID-19 pandemic. The   operating   profit   margin   was   15 percent   in   2020, adecrease   of   0.8   percent   from   the   previous   year   (see   Exhibit   1). The   company   made   sales   of   Rs   94.6 million,   with   an   Rs 11.4 million   net   profit   (See   Exhibit   2).
The expansion project: The   company   is   considering   an   expansion project to   solve its   low   storage   issue   and   any issues   arising   from   supplier   dependence.   At   the   time,   Anwal   Gas   Trader   was   both   an   LPG   distributor   and   sub-   distributor.   By   implementing   this   project,   it   would   integrate   backward   to   become   an   LPG   marketing   and   distribution   company.   It would receive   LPG   directly   to   its   storage tanks   from the   production   site   and no longer be a pure intermediary for the supplier   (See   Exhibit   3).The company had accumulated a sizable   amount   of   cash,   and   its bank   was   willing   to   extend   a   loan   for   10 years   at   an   interest   rate   of   16   percent, which   would   provide   strong   financial   support   for   the   expansion project.Since   there   was   no   existing   storage   facility,   the   company   needed   to   purchase   and   install   a   new   plant   which required a storage container, a pump,   filling dispensers, LPG bottles,   a   supporting   structure,   and   firefighting    equipment.    The    cylinders,    supporting    structure,    and    firefighting    equipment    would    be   purchased from local companies (see Exhibit 4). Anwal Gas Trader planned to build a storage   capacity   of   480 t, therefore   it   would   need   four   100-t   tanks   and   one   80-t   storage   tank. The   overall   life   of   the   plant would be 20 years but Anwal would use this   plant for   10 years   and   then   sell   it   to   the   market   at   the   end   of   the project’s life.The   manager   of Anwal   estimated   that   the   company   would   need   a   Rs   95.1   million   investment   for   the   project.   This   amount   included   the   cost   of   machinery   and   equipment,   land   and   buildings,   vehicles,   factory   and   office   furniture,   and working   capital.   The   company wanted to run   this project   for   only   10   years. As the   company wanted to   maintain   a   50-50   debt-to-equity   capital   structure,   the   WACC   of   the   project   was   14 percent. The   company's   overall   WACC   was   12.5 percent.Since there was no   existing   storage   facility,   the   company needed   to   purchase   and   install   a   new   plant.   The    cylinders,       firefighting      equipment,    and       supporting      structure    would    be      purchase      from      local   companies (see Exhibit 4). Anwal Gas   Trader planned   to build   a   storage   capacity   of   480t,   therefore,   it   would   need   four   100-t   tanks   and   one   80-t   storage   tanks. The   overall   life   of   the   plant   would   be   20 years,   but Anwal Gas Traders would use this plan   for   10   years   and   then   sell   it   to   the   market   at   the   end   of   the   project’s life.Of   the land that Anwal wanted to use for the project, 20% would be used for offices and   the   remaining   would be used for the storage plant. The LPG distribution required a cargo pickup truck,   and   the   office   staff   required   a car and moytorcycles. The   annual   depreciation   expenses would   be   Rs   3.63   million   for all depreciable assets under the proposed project. Depreciation treatment for all items was on   a straight-   line basis.   The   expected   salvage   value   of Fixed   assets   was   Rs   35.15   million   at   the   end   of the project   life. With the storage facility, the estimated annual   sales   of   the   company   would be   212,160   cylinders   in   the   first   year   of   the   project. For   one   cylinder, the   expected   price   and   material   costs   in   year   1 were   Rs   1,307   and   Rs   983,   respectively.   The   expected   increase   in   sales   volume   and   material   costs   for   one   cylinder   would   be   2   percent   annually.   The   price   of the   LPG   cylinder   was   expected   to   increase   by    1   percent   annually.The human resources department expected to hire administrative and   site   staff   to run   the   storage plant.   It would also hire ex代 写125.810 Case Studies in Corporate Finance and Risk Management
代做程序编程语言perienced technical staff   who   could   deal with highly   flammable   gas.   A   total   of   21   employees would be hired and compensated at the market rate (see Exhibit   5).Electricity   and   fuel were   significant utility   expenses   for the business. Utilities   for the   first   year   would   cost   Rs   2,136,000 annually. The   estimated   selling   and   distribution   expenses   are   3% of   annual   sales. The estimated miscellaneous   expenses would be Rs   180,000.   Salaries, utility   expenses,   and   miscellaneous   expenses   would   increase   by   5 percent   annually. The   firm’stax   rate   is   29%.
*Note: Case Exhibits can be found in Dataset1.xlsx and Dataset2.xlsx. 
Part I: Use the Excel Spreadsheet Dataset1.xlsx for Part I 
Question 1.1 
What is the central issue facing Anwal   Gas   Trader?
Question 1.2 
Perform      the      capital      budgeting      for      the   project      and      calculate      the      NPV,    IRR,    payback   period,    and profitability index.*Hint: A sample format to estimate Free Cash Flow can be found in the Sheet “Question 1.1”. However, where necessary, you may need to add separate sheets/spaces to work on the values for some items that require several calculation steps. For example, you can add an additional sheet named “Salaries” to calculate expenses related to employees’ salaries and then use these results as input in the FCF calculation in Question 1.2. Please do NOT bury your answer in complicated Excel formulas. Clearly showing each working step is very important. 
If you make any assumptions in your analysis, pleaseadd a text box and clearly state your assumptions along with the rationale behind them 
Question 1.3 
Based on your answer to Question   1.2, would   you   accept   or   reject   the   project?   Please   explain.   Do   you   think the expansion project will help the company address the issues you identified   in   Question   1.1?
Do   you   think the   estimates   made by Anwal's managers   are   reasonable?   If not,   how   would   you   adjust   the estimates
Question 1.4 The Finance Department predicted that local bank interest rates would change and the new interest rates   for   long-term   loans   would   range   from      10%   to   20%.   Assume   that   other   factors   remain   unchanged,   perform. the sensitivity analysis on how NPV would change corresponding to the change   in the   interest   rates and interpret the results.
Question 1.5 The   Marketing   Department   further   advised   that   current   estimations   of   sales   and   unit   prices   would   change   depending   on   market   scenarios. Under   a   good   scenario, first-year   sale   is   estimated   to   be   280,000   cylinders   and   the   unit   price   in   the   first   year   is   Rs   1250. Under   a   bad   scenario, first-year   sale   is   estimated to   be   180,000 cylinders   and   the   unit   price   is   Rs   1350. Material   cost   is   harder   to   predict   as   it   depends   on several macroeconomics factors   so the Production Department expected   that   it   can   randomly   be   in   the   range   from   Rs   800 to   Rs   1200 per   unit   in   the   first   year.Build   a   scenario   model   (similar to   the   one   in   the   spreadsheet NewProductLaunch_ScenarioAnalysis that we discussed in class) to show how NPV would change under different scenarios.   Assume that   the   probability   of   good      scenario   is   60%   and   bad   scenario   is   40%   and   other   factors   remain   unchanged.   Interpret the results of   the scenario analysis.
Part II: Use the Excel Spreadsheet Dataset2.xlsx for Part II 
The CFO at Anwal finds that assuming the estimated costs and revenues as static numbers (as   in Part   I)   is not ideal. Therefore, here-estimates   the costs and revenue as follows:
•          The    initial   investment   needed   to   start   the   project   will   follow   a   triangular   distribution.   The   minimum   estimated   value   of the   initial   investment   is   Rs   73   million,   the   maximum   estimated   value   is   Rs   125 million, and   the   most   likely   estimated   value   is   Rs   98 million.
•          Only   s% of   the   expected   sale   in   the   first   year   will   be   realized, and   s   is   a   uniform   random   number between   75% to   125%.
•          For   one   cylinder, the   expected   price   in   the   first   year   would   follow   a   triangular   distribution, with   a   minimum   value   of   Rs   1,180, a   maximum   value   of   Rs   1,500,   and   the   most   likely   value   of   Rs 1,300
•          Material   costs   for   one   cylinder   in   the   first   year would   follow   a   triangular   distribution,   with   a   minimum   value   of   Rs   915,a   maximum   value   of   Rs   1,260, and   the   most   likely   value   of   Rs   1,000
•          The expected increase in sales volume and material costs   for   one   cylinder   from year 2   onwards   would   bex   percent   annually, in   which   x   follows   a   normal   distribution   with   a   mean   of   2.1% and a   standard   deviation   of   0.3%.
•          The   price   of the   LPG   cylinder   was   expected   to   increase   by   y   percent   annually,   in   which   x   follows   a   normal   distribution   with   a   mean   of   0.9% and   a   standard   deviation   of   0.15%
•          The utilities   in year   1   are   estimated   to   follow   a   triangular   distribution,   with   a   minimum   value   of   Rs   1,850,000, a   maximum   value   of   Rs   2,500,000, and   the   most   likely   value   of   Rs   2,000,000.   Salaries, utility expenses, and miscellaneous expenses would increase by z percent annually, in   which   z   follows   a   normal   distribution   with   a   mean   of   3.2% and   a   standard   deviation   of   0.5%.
•          Except for the factors above,   all   other   information   remains the   same   as   in   Part   I.
Question 2.1 
Perform      the      capital      budgeting      for      the   project      and      calculate      the      NPV,    IRR,    payback   period,    and profitability index under the new estimation of   the CFO.
*Note: Although the calculations will be very similar to those in PartI, you should NOT copy-paste the formulas in PartIto use in Part II as it may lead to calculation errors. 
Question 2.2:
a) Run   a Monte Carlo   simulation with 2800   replications   of   the   NPVs.   Calculate   the   Average   Profit   of   the   Sample and the   Standard Error.
b) Draw the cumulative NPV distribution (similar to the one in    the   Sheet Model with defined input of   the spreadsheet MonteCarloSimulation that we discussed in class).
c) What   is   the   probability   of   a   negative   NPV   if   we   invest   in   the   project? What   is   10% VaR? What   does that   number   (10% VaR) mean?
d) Based on the results from the simulation, are you   going   to   accept   or reject the project?   Explain   your   investment decision. Discuss other factors that can affect your   investment   decision.
e)   Is   your   investment   decision   different   from   the   one   that   you   made   based   on   the   static   model   in   Question   1.1 Part   I? Explain   why/ why   not. If   the   investment   decisions   are   different, which   one   do   you think is more accurate? Explain.
f)   Do   you   think   the   assumptions   on   the   distributions   of uncertain   inputs   in   Part   II   are   reasonable?   Explain? If   the assumptions are not reasonable, how would you want to change them?





         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
